feat: GSX Integration re-structure (#736)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/gsxintegration/payload.md

# Payload Synchronisation

!!! warning ""
    You must enable [Payload Sync](../flypados3/settings.md#3rd-party-options) in order for this to function.

This page goes over how to use payload synchronisation as-well  as any caveats you should be aware of when using it.

## Caveats
!!! danger "READ ME"
    Please read these caveats in full to better understand what is and isn't possible regarding GSX integrations.

    Failure to understand these caveats can result in you having to disable integration to amend mistakes and possibly restarting the Couatl Engine.

- You won't witness passengers boarding the aircraft until physical passengers from GSX enter the aircraft. You'll notice this when you request boarding through the GSX menu but nothing appears to happen in the EFB just yet.
- Due to limitations with events emitted by GSX, cargo/baggage loading is less granular and the aircraft own's weight systems will load in large chunks rather than much more fine grained steps.

> - The aircraft's own boarding sounds are disabled as GSX has it's own sound profile for boarding/deboarding. This excludes passenger ambience sounds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The aircraft's own boarding sounds are disabled as GSX has it's own sound profile for boarding/deboarding. This excludes passenger ambience sounds.
```

> - Once boarding has started you can no longer, edit the fields in the payload screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once boarding has started you can no longer edit the fields in the payload screen.
```

  
## General Usage
![Payload Start](../../assets/gsxintegration/gsx-payload-start.jpg)

You may notice the payload page is slightly different with the Play/Stop button missing. This is because boarding is now managed by GSX and thus triggering these states is done by you, the user, through the GSX Menu.

In the future when GSX API expands we aim to reduce the dependency on the GSX Menu and allow you to do everything from the EFB.

1. Boarding
      - Load the aircraft as per normal following the instructions defined in, [Setting Up Payload](../flypados3/ground.md#setting-up-payload) in the EFB.

>       - Before proceeding, ensure you've set *everything*  o your preferences, this is a point of NO return. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Before proceeding, ensure you've set *everything* to your preferences, this is the point of NO return. 
```
